All characters and events in this series are fictional
and created solely for entertainment purposes.
Viewer discretion is advised.
Someone once said that…
Sun Atita is like the sun
Shining among the crowd
Always standing out and beautiful.
I don’t know how I got to this point
Perhaps it was destiny
Chance
Or maybe it was because of that one person
The one I want to be worthy enough for
To one day stand by their side.
Flint
Congratulations.
I heard you got the highest GPA in the year.
Thank you.
P’Flint, could you write it for me?
Sure.
But…
where do you want me to write it?
Um...
Here, then.
If this were the ending of a story…
Then there would be no reason for me to keep these feelings to myself.
(Good luck, Sun)
I like you
I know that you are Fay's sister
but if I don't tell P’Flint right now…
I might never get the chance to tell you again.
I like you, P'Flint.
Sun...
Are you okay?
Yes.. I'm fine.
Here you go.
Thank you.
P'Flint!!
But in reality
I’m not brave enough to even say it.
Why isn't she picking up?
or still asleep?
Hello, what’s up, Fay? You’re calling pretty early.
Early? It’s almost ten already.
Don’t tell me you’re still not awake.
I woke up because of your call
and it’s not like I even had any work scheduled
can’t you let me sleep in and have a nice dream for once?
By ‘nice dream,’ you mean…
you weren’t dreaming about my sister, were you?
alright, so why did you call?
I only called to brag a little
about my company’s car sales to you.
You know, ever since you became a brand ambassador for my company…
Our sales have shot up.
Everyone at the company is really happy.
You really live up to the nickname ‘Khun Nu Sun’s Mommy
and… is P’Flint also happy too?
Well… ever since I came back after graduating
she’s seemed kind of tense with me all the time.
don’t overthink it.
even though I’m her younger sibling, we hardly get to talk
All she ever thinks about is work.
Maybe it’s because she had to become an executive at such a young age.
Which means she has a lot of responsibilities to deal with.
She’s probably coming in a meeting with the board right now.
It’s about ad promotions and the marketing plan for the second quarter.
I see...
Alright then, I’ll talk to you later.
I have to head out to meet a client now.
Remember about our plans today.
Yes, see you then.
Then let’s add a promotion for them.
Sure.
Alright.
Everyone, get dressed properly and stand in position.
Everyone!!
On your feet!
You! get properly dressed and go stand by. Hurry.
Go stand by.
Good afternoon, Khun Rafah
Are we all set?
We’re ready and waiting in the meeting room.
However, Khun Paabfah will not be attending this meeting.
She has a scheduled meeting with executives
from a partner company visiting from Singapore.
When Fay gets back, have her come see me.
It seems that Khun Paabfah has another appointment
with Khun Atita.
Is there anything in particular?
It’s not indicated on the schedule.
Shall we start the meeting?
This is the sales report for the first quarter of this year.
It shows an increase of 28.6% compared to last year.
Including pre-orders,
Provided that all of them receive approval,
This would bring our company’s sales to 34% above last year’s figures.
It must be said that having Khun Sun Atita as our brand ambassador
has been a key driving force behind the great success of
the Drive Beyond the SUN campaign.
Khun Rafah and Khun Paabfah have a truly keen understanding of the market.
So I’d like the marketing team to put together a plan for celebrating the sales results
to build buzz and attract buyers’ interest.
We can also use this opportunity to launch a new promotion.
Uh… but if the number of car pre-orders is higher than this
There may be potential delivery challenges for certain imported models.
As overseas production capacity at the moment
does not seem sufficient to meet market demand.
That won’t be a problem.
I’ve already spoken with our manufacturing partner
After seeing the first month’s sales performance this quarter,
They’ve assured us that the vehicles will be delivered on the original schedule,
counted from the date the customer confirms the purchase.
However,
Please have the customer service team implement a system to track vehicle status.
So that customers can check real-time status updates themselves.
Sure thing.
Please go ahead.
Then, shall we move on to the marketing plan for the third quarter?
The new sales model
So, let’s take a look at…
"Sensationalized news"
Hello everyone
Today, it’s just the two of us here on…
"Sensationalized news"
Whoa, spill the tea, sis!
Okay, I have to tell you this, Hippo
The latest of the latest, everyone
An eagle-eyed viewers
They spotted a famous leading actress,
mention her name and everyone would instantly recognize her.
- Come on, spill it!
- Photos have surfaced
showing the actress sneaking
into a high-end condo with a mystery man.
- Let’s take a closer look at this first.
- Alright.
A famous actress.
With sweet-eyed look
a rising star?
- Here’s a little hint, watch my lips.
- Yes
This actress
a shipped couple.
Uh… she does have a shipped partner, you know.
And most importantly… there’s a hashtag status
Netizens with sharp eyes spotted a super-hot rising star
sneaking into a condo, and posting a cryptic status.
From a shipped couple to a real one. Oh my!!
She’s probably coming in a meeting with the board right now.
It’s about ad promotions and the marketing plan for the second quarter.
Today..
Will I get to see you?
Oh, hi there
I’m sorry, but Sun is working at the moment.
The person in the photo is definitely not Sun.
I’ll get back to you shortly.
Thank you very much.
Sun, there’s a big problem!
Come on, P’Bocus, spill the tea! I love those initial-name rumors. love them!
Any leaked initials yet?
The initials are out already. It's an S actress! wait, what?!
But a lot of people are speculating, if I may say this... many are guessing that it’s…
that it could be the actress Sun Atita — oops! Well, it’s possible, since she’s a rising star
As of now, Sun has not responded to the rumors. So, the two of us, in our capacity as…
How did this news even come out like that?
I want to be clear. That’s not me in the photo.
I believe that the person in that photo is not you.
But… if other people think it’s you, I wouldn’t say that’s surprising
When I first saw the photo…
I actually thought it was you at first, look.
So… in this case
What are we gonna do?
The photo is all over the feed.
Plus, on X, the hashtag is trending in the top three.
That’s not even counting the fake news being spread to stir up the buzz.
I think… if it’s not true…
You don’t have to worry, Sun. Your fans will come out and defend you.
As for the news, I’ll handle it.
If there are no further issues, I believe the news will die down on its own.
Thank you so much and...
Sorry for making you get into a trouble.
Sun. Why are you sorry?
That's not your fault at all.
Besides, this is also my duty.
P'Mooham...
Yes?
Today I'm having a plan with Fay
Under these circumstances, is it still okay for me to go?
Yes sure.
As long as you’re not going up to a condo with a guy, you’re good to go.
Has Khun Rafah been informed about this yet?
Make sure to let Khun Rafah know that it’s not you in the photo.
It could affect the contract.
She's probably
Doesn't have time to pay attention to me though.
We have reviewed the agreement
and are ready to proceed with the vehicle purchase under the stated terms.
Thank you for the confirmation.
We’re very glad to hear that you’re ready to proceed with the vehicle purchase.
Our team is fully prepared to support the next steps,
and we will follow up with your side to reconfirm the delivery schedule,
Furthermore, with regard to the new vehicle model,
our company would be pleased to move forward with the acquisition.
You granted us exclusive distribution rights for the Thai market
under the legally binding agreement.
We acknowledge and reaffirm that commitment.
Deal
we truly appreciate the opportunity to do business with you.
Good afternoon, Khun Atita. How may I help you?
Hello, it’s just that I have an appointment with Fay today.
Has Fay returned to the office yet?
Khun Pakfah hasn’t returned to the office yet.
However, Khun Pakfah has instructed that if Khun Atita arrives,
she can wait in the reception room first.
Ah.. Yes.
This way right?
Uh..Yes.
Please, this way.
Please have a seat Khun Atita.
I’ll go prepare some refreshments for you.
Feel free to let me know if there’s anything else I can get for you.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Do you want to take a photo with me?
Can I?
You are so kind. Let's take a photo.
Thank you
About the rumours
I don't believe it at all. I’m 100% on your side.
Thank you.
Please make yourself comfortable
All she ever thinks about is work.
Maybe it’s because she had to become an executive at such a young age.
Which means she has a lot of responsibilities to deal with.
Your smile...
Since when it went dissappeared?
Sun
Why would you tease your friend like that, Fay?
I didn’t think she'd be this easily scared
- Sorry bud.
- Umm.
And whose bouquet is this?
Or did someone confess their love to you on graduation day?
It's mine.
Huh? What about me?
Don't tell me that you forgot mine.
How could I ever forget?
I already bought it for you. Didn’t you want a new phone?
Thank you
Shall we take a picture?
P'Flint. Can you take a photo for me and Sun? Here you go.
Selfie.
Yes.
Come, here.
Sun, can you come closer?
Okay okay.
One Two Selfie!
Can I see the picture?
Oh my god. This is so cute.
Alright then, I’ll step out to take some photos first.
I'll be back okay?
Okay.
Let me look at them some more.
Bye Bye.
Unbelievable.
Fay mentioned that you’re going to study abroad as well, right?
Yes, I am. I took the exam and was awarded a scholarship
But I’m a little disappointed that I won’t be studying in the same country as Fay.
Then I guess I won’t get to see you for a long time.
Make sure you take good care of yourself, Sun.
May I ask what time Fay is expected to arrive?
P'Rafah
It feels like we’ve drifted apart since you became famous.
Hello P'Flint.
Will you be using this room, P'Flint?
I can wait for Fay outside.
There’s something I want to talk to you.
Are you going to talk about the news right?
So that photo...
I don't know
About how you’ve come this far and achieved this level of fame.
Whether it was hard or easy for you.
But if you’re not planning to hold on to it for yourself…
You should really think about it, Sun.
About the people who could be affected by your actions.
I’m well aware of that
that my actions...
Whether for better or worse, who it will affect.
But what I don’t know is…
The way you’re scolding me like this, P'Flint…
Even though the person in that photo isn’t me.
It’s actually a personal matter.
Who I date or whose condo I go to is my own business.
As long as it doesn’t become news
And potentially affect your company.
As a brand ambassador…
That being a part of your company’s image is enough.
If that’s what you choose to believe, P'Flint.
Alright then.
From now on, I’ll be more careful so that something like this doesn’t happen again.
If there’s nothing else, I’ll excuse myself now, P'Flint.
I was just saying that
why do you look like you’re about to cry?
I wouldn’t cry over something like this.
Why?
Or is there something else you want to criticize me about, P'Flint?
Are you putting on an act?
You can believe whatever you want.
There’s no point in me saying anything.
Let go of me
Please let me go, P'Flint.
I won't.
Such a stubborn kid like you...
What am I supposed to do with you?
Khun Rafah.
There's a problem.
- What is going on?
- Ouch
- He’s coming down.
- Yes right there
Oh! Guys!
Nong Nop. May I have a quick interview, please?
Good afternoon.
Could we have a short interview?
What are you guys doing here?
Well well.
That should have been me who asking that question.
Since we happen to see you here, may we have a quick interview?
An interview about what?
About the leaked photos.
Yes, yes. Could you explain a bit more?
Oh, you’re talking about the leaked photos, right?
The ones with a man and a woman going up to a condo?
Whoa, that’s pretty direct, isn’t it?
Honestly, the photo isn’t very clear. Why do you assume it’s Sun and me?
At first, I didn’t think so either.
But when I saw you here, it made me consider the possibility.
So, the couple in that photo are that really you guys?
And are you going to go from a rumored couple to a real one?
- Yes?
- Is that right? / Is that true?
As for whether we’re dating or not, I think it’s better to talk about that in a joint interview.
Does that mean we can expect an official announcement soon?
Is that correct?
P'Flint.
Oh! there is Sun!.
- Where? Where?
- She's coming
Sun, May I have a quick interview?
Get it! Take the shot!
Cancel the appointment.
- She's gone
- Take a picture of Nop instead.
- So what’s the conclusion, Nop?
- What’s really going on?
- Could you explain?
- Exactly.
(reporters shouting questions)
On behalf of Rafah Import Sawa Co., Ltd.
We would like to inform you that…
The company does not authorize any media outlets to publish or distribute
images or video footage of Khun Rafah and Khun Atita
that were taken today without prior authorization.
Should any media outlet violate this notice,
the company will pursue legal action
in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act.
We've already taken the footage.
(people talking noisily)
How did you know which floor I live on?
You must have forgotten that your best friend is my younger sister.
Then you must have forgotten that it’s time to let go of my hand.
Yes. P'Mooham.
I heard from Fay that Nop brought a whole group of reporters to see you
at the company. Is that true?
It was probably just a coincidence. I don’t think he meant to bring the reporters along.
Um… but I still find it a bit strange
You were only meeting with Fay, just the two of them.
So how did anyone know that you would be coming to the company?
Maybe someone at the company posted that they saw me.
You’re being very optimistic.
If people didn’t know any better, they’d think you planned
to make your couple debut announcement at my company.
Um… who are you with right now?
with Khun Rafah.
Khun Rafah is probably worried that I might cause more trouble for her company.
So she kindly took the time to drive me back to condo.
Alright then. It’s good that you're back at the condo,
so there won’t be any more surprises.
I just came out of a meeting.
I’ve only just finished sorting out the leaked photo issue with the network.
If anything else happens, I’m seriously going to be dead.
There’s nothing else. I’ll talk to you later, P’Mooham.
I’m at my place now. I hope you can finally feel at ease, P'Flint.
that I won’t be a problem for you again.
Please get home safely. Thank you once again for bringing me home.
Who said that I'm leaving?
I’ll stay with you until Fay gets here.
You wouldn’t mind, would you?
Either way, I need to talk to you about the news and clear things up today
before the meeting tomorrow.
Then please, feel free to stay, P'Flint.
I’ll go get some water.
You still remember?
That I like chamomile tea.
I just only have chamomile tea
If you’ll excuse me, I’ll go upstairs to put my things first.
Why are you doing this to me?
What's up, Fay?
P'Mooham just called to apologize to Faye about what happened today.
But both me and P'Mooham are wondering the same thing.
How did other people know that Sun came to see me at the company?
So I had the security team check the CCTV footage.
I think she might have a stalker.
When did you grow up to become this cruel?
Watch out.
That was close, wasn’t it?
Thank you.
Here.
P'Flint.
Oh, you’re still here?
I was actually going to ask you to study science together.
You know each other?
She just helped me a moment ago.
If it weren’t for her, I’d probably be on the floor right now.
Thank you again, P’…
P'Flint.
She's my sister.
This is Sun, my close friend.
Nice to meet you, Sun.
Diffusion is the movement of substances.
from a region of high concentration to a region of low concentration
without using any energy
Simply allowing it to spread naturally.
gradually spreading on its own
Is there anything I explained that you didn’t understand?
No, it's good.
It’s like when we drop ink into water.
At first, it’s just a small drop in the glass of water.
But after a short time,
the ink spreads throughout the water.
without us having to do anything.
That's right.
Well done.
But I think it’s more like falling in love with someone.
You meet them just once,
and before you know it, they’ve spread throughout your whole heart.
Are you in love, Fay?
I'm going to tell mom.
Come on. what part don’t you understand? Let me see.
Wait. I get it now.
Give it to me.
Here.
If you’re already sleepy, it’s okay if you want to head back first.
What are you doing, P'Flint?
Let go of me right now.
Why?
Are you trying to say you don’t like me doing this?
You shouldn’t treat me like this.
Let go of me.
This doesn’t compare to you going up to a guy’s condo.
Do you think I should know what you went up there for?
Why do I always look like I’m about to cry whenever I’m with you?
You never seem as happy with me as you are with others.
I’m just sad.
that you don’t believe I’m not the kind of person the news says I am.
It’s like…
You never really knew me.
Do you really think I’m that kind of person?
I...
I'm sorry.
But from now on,
I want you to stay where I can see you… until everything settles down.
Deal?
Yes.
That photo… it’s actually me.
Dear diary,
You won’t believe this.
I went over to Fay’s place to study today.
And I even… got to see P'Flint.
But I honestly don’t know if studying will help… or if I’m going to fail the exam.
Because I couldn’t focus at all.
The closer I got…
My heart was pounding so loudly, I was afraid he could hear it.
But P'Flint probably doesn’t know.
Why did that jerk give an interview like this?
I don’t even want to think about what P'Flint would say if she found out.
It’s not that hard.
We’re just turning a rumor into the truth.
You're just dating me.
The buzz is good. The channel’s happy.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon. Sun. This is P'Peach.
I'll be today’s photographer.
I think that Miss Peach is acting kind of strange.
How strange?
“She just gave my lipstick back and said I’d left it there.”
Even though we’d just met for the first time.
Doesn’t that seem weird to you?
I think Sun-Kiss skin look is perfect with just a light touch like this.
Why are you doing this, P'Flint?
Why are you suddenly so interested in everything about me?
What do you actually want from me?